Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture.
And the biggest lecture we gave an overview of this simple linear regression and we we now know the
details of the model equation which is why sequence to explore B.
And we know right now that the objective is to obtain the parameters which is M and B indicating the
slope of the line and indicate indicating the intercept which is a white intercept.
All right.
To keep in this lecture we're going to just cover in a very high level technique will we call at least
some of squares.
Okay.
Which is simply the technique used to pain that straightline which is the straightline that simply best
fits the data.
So again that's back to our example which is let's assume that we have our temperature here on the x
axis.
In degrees C.
On the y axis he had we have our revenue.
And here we have couple of points in here.
And let's assume that you know again.
Again go ahead with the simple thing it aggression.
So we know that the equation you know might be a straight line.
My problem is here right now is a kit which straightline would be this line or maybe it's been this
line or maybe a line like going you know horizontal efforts.
I don't know.
So how can we or pain that print.
You know the slope of the line.
The B as well the intercept of the line we use a picnic on a square method.
OK.
So again we're not going to dig in too much into the mathematics of it but we're just going to give
you an overview of what's happening just from a very high level.
Why.
Because in the short one once we go to the Jupiter notebook and the esky learn library will see that
we can do this in a very very easy for just one line of code the two lines of code that does of these
stuff for you or for us.
Right.
So the first step when we update the least square of fitting is that we simply draw perpendicular lines
between the points.
OK.
And that kind of arbitrary line.
So we assume that we have.
Maybe that line is this line.
So we do that we drop perpendicular lines connecting the points down to that let's say light.
And again that line is not the final line.
We can change the slope as we as we please we can change the way into south as we please.
This just in an arbitrary venue.
Next step is we calculate what we call the residual or the offset or eight.
And again let's say we have to give kind of a very important kind of introduction to the name in the
naming convention.
So this point here or these points these are what we call the actual points.
Why.
Because these are attuned to training data that we use.
And that's why we call it why I OK in the indicating in index.
And that's what we call it actually.
This is the actual true value.
What about here.
This what on this point simply is what we call the estimate and that's what we call it Y hat.
With that hand that means estimate it is kind of fitted it's kind of coming from that specific straight
line.
OK.
Which is again kind of a guess coming from the model and that's what I call a prediction or estimated
value.
And these points I will call the actual or true value.
So the first step is we calculate the difference between the actual point and the estimated point.
And there's this distance we call it deep.
All right.
And that's again he has a distance value D quints to y hat minus y where it indicates an index indicating
for example of this is point 1 1 to 1.
This equates to you what is 3 4 and 5 for example.
The next step is what we do.
If we open.
OK.
The difference between this which is solid D or I do that we squared that value and then we some some
of the residuals for all the points so we all in the D for this.
For example a point we'll put in again the D here for this point will turn the D for this point and
so on.
We squared all these values with some of them up and then we'll pin the minimum venue.
And that's why it's called the minimum or at least some of squeers.
So we are paying the sum of squares so we sum up all the squares of the residuals and then we can kind
of you apply kind of optimization function to coupling the minimum venue or the least value.
Once you are in that minimum value that set.
Congratulations.
That means you were able to obtain the best or perfect line that reduces simply the error.
Then that line here whatever that line is might be.
This line might be for example lenola climb up a little bit maybe a line down here a little bit but
the overall idea is that line is the line.
The perfect line that minimizes the error or minimized the distance.
The summation of distances between the points.
Any of these points and that line and this technique is all of the least sum of squares and it's really
powerful technique and that's actually King we be using.
When we jump to the optimal book to obtain our best fit line.
Ah.
OK let's go through these couple of points here.
Lee squid fishing is a way to find the best fit curve or line for the set of points.
Again this is a line which is the best fit line that we can use for all these couple of points.
The sum of squares of the offsets will qualify residuals.
These basically error.
Then you will of the area which is the difference between our actual points and our.
It is our estimated point what we call the predicted point that coming out from the from the model they
are used mainly to estimate the best fit curve or like least square method is used to open the efficiency
M and B.
So the objective again of this technique is to paint a straight line one say they all know that line
then congratulations that's perfect.
Then I know the end of the line which is a strip of the line and then you know the B which is the y
intercept of the line.
And that means there was a built or pain in the mathematical model that govern the relationship between
the temperature and our area.
Perfect.
All right.
So just one quick overview before we jump into the educational book a very important kind of review
of the.
How can we perform the teeling.
So when we perform the training in general what we do is that we open the inspired data set OK you it
all the data points that we have and then we divide the dataset into two sets.
It's what we call a training set end testing set.
All right.
And kind of the rule of thumb that we use 75 percent for seining and 25 percent for testing.
What do you mean by this so simply let's assume that we have here for example 100 samples there and
compete again.
Temperature points.
And the revenue what we do is we divide these points into 75 percent training samples.
So again let's say this point we're get to be from trott's training this point for example we're going
to be fortini.
However these two points let's say we're going to be dedicated meaningful testing.
So simply we divide the hundred samples into 75 samples for trailing and 25 percent for testing.
What's the objective of this.
The objective of this is that we wanted to ensure that our model is in general is able to generalize
the data set.
What do we mean by this.
Again we what we mean is that we want it to perform the training on a specific dataset.
Well let's say 75 teeny samples.
And then once out modern trained.
OK.
That's a very important point.
We think that teen model which is again why equals to X plus and B with known values for M and B and
we wanted to apply a testing dataset which is a 25 semples that we have you.
The key element the key point here is that this 25 samples that these samples have never been seen by
the train model in the past.
So one key element that we need to make sure that none of these 25 points have venues doing training.
Okay and that's the ability to test out model capability.
So we wanted to test the model we want to test the model simply on data sets that has never been seen.
Okay.
Let's take a look at another example it's assumed that we wanted for instance to let's say terrene self
driving car for example to let's say classify traffic signs when it sees it sees as a stop sign it says
Okay that's a stop sign.
If it is let's say a sign that means a yield sign and so on.
What we do with it we train the model the routine the car to identify these traffic signs.
And what we do is that we take this car and then we put it on the road.
Okay.
On the road hasn't seen any of this data before it has seen any of these traffic signs on the actual
testing before.
And that's the key element that's how we can actually test the power of our network is by again using
the testing data set that has never been seen during training for us.
All right.
And that's it.
That's pretty much all what we have for this lecture.
Let's see.
Let's recap so what we have done here so far is that we will know how can we open the modern Premier
it is using these squares.
Again we are in the error or the deal of the residuals between the actual points and the estimate of
points for all the points we simply Square them some them up and we are upping the minimum then.
Once you're paying the minimum value then we are lucky then that we're able to obtain the best line
or the best value for N and B that minimizes all that error venues and that's it.
Once we have that model then we can use it afterwards for testing.
A key element or key point that we need to make sure that this thing data points that had never been
seen but never been seen by the model during tea or ETs and now we are ready to actually go ahead and
try to model simple aggression in his book or book.
I hope you guys enjoy their lecture and see you in the next election.